REM Create These Queries - limited to the items IN THE PICTURE ONLY
REM 1. Print the name of all entities in the picture.
SELECT * FROM All_Ents;

REM 2. Print the name of all attributes in the picture.
SELECT * FROM ALL_ATTS;

REM 3. Print the name of all relationships and the two entities they relate in the picture.
REM 4. Print the name of all relationships and the two entities they relate and the cardinality for each side of the relationship in the picture.
REM 5. Print the name of all relationships that have a cardinality of 1-to-1 in the picture.
REM 6. Print the name of all relationships that have a cardinality of 1-to-M in the picture.
REM 7. Print the name of all relationships that have a cardinality of M-to-N in the picture.
REM 8. Print the name of all relationships that have attribute(s) as well as the name(s) of the attribute(s) in the picture.
REM 9. Print the name of all relationships that do not have attribute(s) in the picture.
REM 10. Print the name of all entities that have a super-type and the name of the super-type entity in the picture.
REM 11. Print the name of all entities that have sub-type(s) and the name of the sub-type entities in the picture.
REM 12. Print the name of each entity that has a Pkey including the name(s) of the attribute(s) that form the Pkey in the picture.
REM 13. Print the name of each entity that does not have a Pkey in the picture.
REM 14. Print the names of all attributes in the picture and the attribute data types.
REM 15. Print the names of all derived attributes and the attributes they derive from in the picture.
REM 16. Print the names of all attributes in the picture that have a date data type.
REM 17. Print entity Employee's attributes names in the picture.
REM 18. Print relationship Builds attributes names in the picture.
REM 19. Print the names of all entities that are directly related to entity TempHourly (directly means via only one relationship) in the picture.
REM 20. Print the names of all entities that are indirectly related to the entity TempHourly (related via two relationships) in the picture.
REM 21. Print the names of attributes for entities Store and Region (just the attribute names) in the picture.
REM 22. Print the names of all entities that are participating in any relationship that Product participates in in the picture.
REM 23. Print the name of all sub-types of entity Employee in the picture.
REM 24. Print the name of all entities that have exactly three attributes in the picture.
REM 25. Print the name of all composite attributes and the attributes they contain in the picture.